README.md, before:

DISCLAMER: This project is just a weekend project and does not claim to be well tested or production-ready
in any way.

# Kubernetes Manager

This project is a browser-based interface to the [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io/) API. The idea is
to provide most of the functionality of the `kubectl.sh` command-line tool. Additionally, it should give
you a quick overview of the health status of your Kubernetes cluster.

## Screenshots

### Dashboard

![Dashboard](screenshots/dashboard.png)

### Events

![List of cluster events](screenshots/events.png)

### Pod Details

![Modal with pod details](screenshots/pod_detail.png)

## Installation

Kubernetes Manager needs to be run through a kubernetes API server proxy in order to be able to access the API from the browser, much like the pre-installed "KubeUI".

### Prerequisites

You need a running Kubernetes cluster. See [kubernetes.io](http://kubernetes.io/) for details.

IMPORTANT: (Heapster monitoring)[https://github.com/kubernetes/heapster] needs to be enabled!

### Start Service and Resource Controller

`cd` to the project root and execute `kubectl create -f k8s-manager`. After a few seconds, you should find the URL
to your Kubernetes Manager here:

`https://[MASTER-IP-ADDRESS]/api/v1/proxy/namespaces/kube-system/services/k8s-manager`

## Development

Kubernetes Manager is built using [AngularJS](https://angularjs.org/). Please feel free to fork this repository,
ask me questions or submit pull requests!

### TODOs

* Write proper unit tests
* Write end-to-end tests
* Configure Grunt build process for JS and CSS minification
* Create modal detail views for resource controllers
* Create modal detail views for services
* Make resource controllers scalable with slider

Commit message:

Added link to official dashboard project in README.md.

README.md, after:

DISCLAMER: This project is just a weekend project and does not claim to be well tested or production-ready
in any way. Since I started this project, the [official Kubernetes dashboard project](https://github.com/kubernetes/dashboard) has gotten a lot of traction. The people working on this have done some great work, check it out!

# Kubernetes Manager

This project is a browser-based interface to the [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io/) API. The idea is
to provide most of the functionality of the `kubectl.sh` command-line tool. Additionally, it should give
you a quick overview of the health status of your Kubernetes cluster.

## Screenshots

### Dashboard

![Dashboard](screenshots/dashboard.png)

### Events

![List of cluster events](screenshots/events.png)

### Pod Details

![Modal with pod details](screenshots/pod_detail.png)

## Installation

Kubernetes Manager needs to be run through a kubernetes API server proxy in order to be able to access the API from the browser, much like the pre-installed "KubeUI".

### Prerequisites

You need a running Kubernetes cluster. See [kubernetes.io](http://kubernetes.io/) for details.

IMPORTANT: (Heapster monitoring)[https://github.com/kubernetes/heapster] needs to be enabled!

### Start Service and Resource Controller

`cd` to the project root and execute `kubectl create -f k8s-manager`. After a few seconds, you should find the URL
to your Kubernetes Manager here:

`https://[MASTER-IP-ADDRESS]/api/v1/proxy/namespaces/kube-system/services/k8s-manager`

## Development

Kubernetes Manager is built using [AngularJS](https://angularjs.org/). Please feel free to fork this repository,
ask me questions or submit pull requests!

### TODOs

* Write proper unit tests
* Write end-to-end tests
* Configure Grunt build process for JS and CSS minification
* Create modal detail views for resource controllers
* Create modal detail views for services
* Make resource controllers scalable with slider
